Fix duplicate login logout buttons (#1220)
SAP/luigi: docs/authorization-configuration.md

- **redirect_uri** contains the URL to return to after login. The default application root is `/`.
- **response_type** defaults to the **id_token**. Any other parameter that is added to oAuthData is also added to the authorization payload.
- **nonceFn** provides a function that returns a string in order to override the default **nonce**.

> - **logoutFn** provides the function to override the **logoutUrl** functionality for a custom logout. It needs to execute the **logoutCallback(redirectUri)** function after logout. Its parameter **redirectUri** is an URL or path to redirect after execution of the **logoutCallback**. If no **redirectUri** is defined, Luigi stays in the current state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **logoutFn** provides the function to override the **logoutUrl** functionality for a custom logout. It needs to execute the **logoutCallback(redirectUri)** function after logout. Its parameter **redirectUri** is an URL or path to redirect to after executing **logoutCallback**. If no **redirectUri** is defined, Luigi stays in the current state.
```
